
Overall, the project was really enjoyable and a big part of that came from designing something personal to me -- crocheting! I felt more motivated and committed to finishing it well. I also gained a stronger understanding of software design and modularity -- and now I find myself noticing design in everyday products, thinking about what works well and what could be improved. 

Through building a full-stack application, I feel I've grown as a programmer. I now think more intentionally about modularity and separation of concerns. 

I used LLMs throughout the project to brainstorm ideas, help try to debug things, and use as reference. It's really important to read through what the LLM gives (especially code) and make sure the user understands what's going on. Blindly copying and pasting code can create more issues and break existing functionality. LLMs are helpful to support understanding, not as a shortcut around assignments. 

Each assignment had its ups and downs. Most of the assignments definitely took more time than I thought I would spend, could be from spending more time researching and reflecting, or from the actual implementations in the later assignments. 
- Assignment 1: I had trouble getting creative and thinking of more domains, but it was useful to bring these other ideas into the group project and introduce myself to software design.
- Assignment 2: I remember struggling with some of the concept designs and making sure my concepts were modular. Going to office hours for this was helpful! Iris and Erin helped me think about what concepts were truly necessary and that one was basically the same as another. 
- Assignment 3: My project idea is pretty frontend heavy and didn't have many cases to have an AI-Augmented concept, except for "automatically" finding the first instruction in a pattern. As I was doing this assignment, I couldn't tell if it was impactful enough since the user could just use the "jumpTo" feature when the pattern finished loading on the front end, but it is useful in the initial onboarding process and I ultimately kept it in the final iteration of the project. It also helped me realize that my Library concept was taking composite objects, which is not allowed. 
- Assignment 4a: I remember struggling to use the Context tool, even after going to lecture. I also initially wanted to focus on doing the backend work myself. I ended up learning how to use Context and I ended up writing up most of the concept implementations myself after following the LikertSurvey example and using Context as a reference for what I might have been missing. I also used Context to help with providing different test case scenarios, and that saved me a lot of time. 
- Assignment 4b: I enjoyed working on the frontend! I liked iterating on the visuals and putting the pieces all together. I did use an agentic coding tool to provide starting code and helping me fix bugs throughout the front end since I was more familiar with React than Vue. It was annoying to have some "syncs" in the frontend since we didn't learn how to do syncs in the backend yet, and having to change that in 4c for the project to be functionally the same felt like I wasted a bit of time doing it in the front end. 
- Assignment 4c: This was the hardest assignment for me. I wasn't able to attend the syncs lecture and recitation because I got a sudden stomach bug/food poisoning that Wednesday morning and I couldn't get out of bed. I looked at the lectures slides and thought I understood it but as I worked on the assignment, I realized I didn't understand it that clearly. I repeatedly discovered gaps in my understanding as I was implementing and worked through many bugs. For example, when I clicked on a pattern in my library, but it would send me to the first pattern of the library, not the one I clicked even though I was sending different IDs to the backend. I reflected on this and felt like I should have pushed myself more to attend lecture and seek help sooner.Even if I wasn’t able to make progress early in the week, having a clearer understanding from the start would have saved time and reduced frustration. 